Add anchors on security documentation to be binded by OLF documentati… (#3990)
powsybl/powsybl-core: docs/simulation/security/limit-reductions.md

When several duration criteria are specified, the limit reductions apply to each one.
For instance, if both criteria `PERMANENT` and (`TEMPORARY` ; `EQUALITY`: 600) are defined, the limit reduction will apply to permanent limits and 600 s limits.

> ### Operational limits groups selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Operational limits group ids selection
```

Author: I think for the title we can avoid technical info like "ids" and talk about it within the section

Reviewer: Other section title seem to follow the name of the variable in the code

Reviewer: Or, "Operational limits group selection"

> The selected operational limits groups on which the limit reduction will be applied. The list is the list of he groups id. If the collection is empty, then the limit reduction will be applied to all operational limits groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of the ids of the operational limits groups on which the limit reduction will be applied. If the list is empty, then the limit reduction will be applied to all operational limits groups.
```
